This Minecraft base has one of the
coolest reveals I have ever seen. At
first, I thought it was just a normal
base like any other I visit. My public
super flat survival server is over 5
years old now, so people ask me to tour
their bases all the time. But when I
teleported to the player, Deu Soldier, I
was honestly pretty impressed with their
interior design skills. They had all the
essentials like storage and smelting,
plus some flashy stuff, like this armor
display. And I'm not even sure how they
made this fake spawner, to be honest.
But things only kept getting better as I
explored the tropical balcony and
whatever this weird cat meeting room is.
But even as I reached the top floor to
see the penthouse suite, I still hadn't
realized what was happening. Only when I
jumped down and backed way up did it
finally become clear. This entire time I
had been inside of one of my favorite
albums of all time. The first album I
ever bought on vinyl. 2010's Plastic
Beach by the Gorillas. No way, dude.
This is so cool. Plenty of people on the
server have made map art of their
favorite album, but Deu Soldier brought
the album to life and did it all in
super flat.